magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1     0 6625.32 10000000  599388 9400611       0     1.0 10000000  599388 9400611       0     1.0
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 1 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 2 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
