magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 30 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 40 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 50 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 60 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 4 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 8 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
magic-square 70 16 abort when 10000000 iterations are reached and restart at most 0 times
